Red Hat Product Errata are advisories on bug fixes, security, and
enhancement on software installed on your RHEL host, based on analysis
by Red Hat engineers. Red Hat Satellite provides a simple method for
applying these fixes to hosts. We’ll walk through those steps.

For more information on Red Hat Errata,
https://access.redhat.com/articles/2130961[please visit this page].

To view Errata in Satellite, click on `+Content+` and `+Errata+`.

You’ll be taken to a page containing all the Errata contained in the
repositories we originally synchronized in the second challenge of this
lab.

Not all of these Errata apply to the hosts we’ve added to this Satellite
server. To view applicable and installable Errata, click on the
`+Installable+` radio boxes.

Let’s install all the Installable Errata to our two hosts.

Select all of the Errata we just filtered.

*_Note:_* Increase the page size to select all the errata. If the number
of errata exceed the maximum page size, you’ll have to run this
operation multiple times or run it from the host > content > errata
menu. For the purposes of this lab, it’s not necessary to apply all
errata.

.pager
image::pagersize.png[pager]

You’ll be taken to the Apply Errata menu where you should do the
following:

[arabic]
. Select the hosts to apply the Errata. In this case we’ll select all
hosts.
. Click `+Next+`.

Click confirm to apply the errata.

To view the application of Errata in real-time, click on the host
`+rhel1+`.

On the following page, you’ll be able to see the application process.

To return to the job status page, click `+Back to Job+`.

When the job is complete, the page will look like this.

Go to Hosts > All Hosts.

All hosts managed by Satellite will still display in a red font
signifying there are error statuses. This is because the Tracer
application has detected services that require restarting. If the kernel
or systemd has been updated, the hosts will require a reboot.

Click on a host (it doesn’t matter which, you’ll have to perform this
procedure twice.)

.error host
image::errorhost.png[error host]

Do the following to resolve the traces.

[arabic]
. Click on the `+Traces+` tab. All the services that require restarting
are listed here. If no services require restart, this list would be
blank.
. Select all the services listed.
. Click `+Restart app+`.

.restart
image::tracesrestart.png[restart]

*_NOTE:_* Resolving traces might take a few minutes, especially for a
reboot, since the host will wait 60 seconds before initiating the
reboot.

When you view the `+Traces+` menu, the list will be empty signifying no
services require restart.

Repeat the procedure to resolve Traces with the remaining host.
